#### `<HEAD>`
The next thing you’ll encounter in an HTML document is the `<head>` section. The stuff that goes into the head section is primarily informational. And it tells the browser certain things about the page such as the title, what characters to use, how to display information about the page for web crawlers and across various social networks, etc, etc. The `<head>` section. is also where you traditionally load in important external resources.

#### META TAGS
Quite often, when you read through the code of an HTML document, you'll find special tags called `<meta>` in the `<head>` section.

Meta tags hold metadata about the page. Metadata takes many forms and can include keywords, authors, descriptions, etc. Here are a few notable inclusions:

#### VIEWPORT
A `<meta>` viewport element gives the browser instructions on how to control the page's dimensions and scaling.

The width=device-widthpart sets the width of the page to follow the screen-width of the device (which will vary depending on the device).

The `initial-scale=1.0` part sets the initial zoom level when the page is first loaded by the browser.`<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, intial-scale=1.0">`

#### CHARSET
The `charset` setting tells the browser which character encoding to use.

UTF stands for stands for Unicode Transformation Format. Basically in today's world there are scripts written in hundreds of other languages, formats not covered by the basic encoding used in the earlier days. Hence, UTF came into existence.

UTF-8 has character encoding capabilities and its code unit is 8 bits. Pretty technical, I know. Therefore we will not look into this any further.

IF you are looking into building websites using, for instance, Chinese or Arabic alphabets and characters, you will need in go a bit deeper into character encoding.

#### TITLE
The `<title>` tag is required in all HTML documents and it defines the title of the document.

What the `<title>` tag does is it displays a title for the page in search-engine results, defines a title in the browser's toolbar and when the page is added to favorites.

#### OPEN GRAPH
Open graph meta tags allow you to control what content shows up when a page is shared on Facebook and other social networks like Twitter and LinkedIn. There are many Open Graph meta tags that provide different information to Facebook. These tags can be added to your pages, and we'll be covering the most common ones in another section of this course.